[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[mysterious music]
[Vincenzo laughs]
[both chortle]
It's all here.
We finally did it.
Would you look at all that gold.
This is unbelievable.
[both laughing]
Plenty of cultural artifacts too.
[sighs]
[sucks teeth]
[gun cocks]
[tense music]
You'll always have my utmost gratitude
for your friendship.
Friends don't point guns at each other.
Follow the instructions
I'm about to give you…
and I won't harm you.
Why are you doing this?
I'm afraid I can't say.
I'll only be taking one gold bar with me.
Don't worry.
[tense music continues]
You're going to tell me
you betrayed me for a single bar?
-[scoffs]
-Please stay where you are.
You need to stay where you are
until I'm out.
Then you can get out of here.
[dramatic music]
How can I be sure you won't lock me in
when you're done?
I gave you my word,
no harm would come to you.
[scoffs]
You wouldn't mind if I took a souvenir,
would you?
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo grunts]
[grunting continues]
[pants]
Whoo.
I didn't know gold is so heavy.
Huh!
I really need you not to follow me, okay?
I'll shoot you, so just stay put.
Okay.
By the way,
why are you only taking one?
One gold bar is plenty.
Oh.
It must be heavy.
The Guillotine file's
probably a lot lighter.
How did you know?
[scoffs]
It's the entire reason
that you've been helping me
through all of this.
-Do not come any closer.
-Anyway…
you really think
the file is actually in there?
Hmm?
[tense music]
[both grunting]
[thumps]
[groans]
[huffs]
[chuckles]
[tense music continues]
[sighs]
[Joon-woo] All right.
Babel Tower bragging rights.
Penthouse suites, floor is 120 and 121.
The entire top two tiers of the tower
will belong to one lucky bidder.
So give me a pitch and be original.
-[man 1] Hmm.
-I'll go.
-Mm. Let's hear it.
-[Mr. Hwang] As you well know,
Babel has quite a few lawsuits
in its future.
Several will likely end up in court.
Our office will commit
to ensuring your victory.
Why?
Because at Babel,
the power belongs at the top.
That's right.
-Yes?
-[man 2] There are plans for development
in Taesan and Jungsan.
Babel is guaranteed
to win the building contract.
I can get both political parties
and the Ministry of Land on board.
Can you feel my heartbeat? Ah!
That was a good one.
Uh-huh?
Daechang Daily
is the opinion leader in Korea.
I'm guaranteeing positive press.
No more attacks on your reputation
by the press or any other media.
Okay.
That could get you more than the tower.
You might just put me in the mood
to buy a few ads.
-[chuckles]
-[door opens]
[Joon-woo] What's going on?
-[Director Tae sighs]
-[door closes]
Who are you?
[Director Tae] I'm sorry I'm late.
I had an urgent meeting.
I'm with the ISIS.
I'm Director Tae Jong-gu.
I ran the Organized Crime Bureau.
[ominous music]
Great timing.
EPISODE 13
[loud clatter]
[scoffs]
You should have loaded the gun
with at least one bullet.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[gun cocks]
I'll assume
that you still consider me your friend.
-So I'm asking you as a friend…
-[lighter clinks]
who do you really work for?
I worked as a special agent
for the International Security
Intelligence Service.
Mm.
In order to search for the file,
you pretended to quit your job.
And you pretended to be a corporate spy
to get close to Mr. Wang.
Yes.
What about me?
That was pure coincidence and damn luck.
They were gonna kill me.
You saved my life that day in Italy.
Mm.
Shaolin's death was unexpected.
Did you kill him?
[exhales]
[in Mandarin]
Good morning.
Thank you.
Sure.
You bastard… I've underestimated you.
[Mr. Wang grunts]
[beeping]
[in Mandarin]
Hurry!
Call an ambulance. Now!
[Vincenzo scoffs]
Ah…
I have to admit, you really fooled me.
It seems you're a bit of a monster.
Yeah. I just pretended to be a good guy.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
I will also admit that I knew
you were lying from the start.
The data on Wang's iris,
you said you got it from his museum.
Turns out that you made
that entire thing up.
[sighs]
You went to your office at China
a while ago.
Why didn't you take it out then?
I still would have had issues
with the access
that was before I had the data.
I was still figuring it all out.
Then why complicate things?
Now we have to deal with tenants.
I figured leaving it empty was riskier.
Someone who already knew about the place
might try to break in.
[background chatter]
Hey, did anyone notice just before we left
the previous owner of the building
Mr. Cho showed up?
-Yeah. I saw him too.
-Oh, me too.
He was talking to Mr. Cassano, wasn't he?
It's got me wondering if it just so
happened those two are meeting
when the entire building
will be empty because we're gone?
Uh, he was probably
just in the neighborhood.
-[Mr. An] Uh-huh.
-[Toto] Right.
Well, I don't want to look a gift horse
in the mouth, as they say,
but I'm a little suspicious.
[giggles]
What do you mean? They shipped us out
to look for the gold themselves?
[mysterious music]
Ah, don't all look at me like that.
I was only putting it out there. Jeez.
Let's not start throwing accusations.
We all believe in him, right?
If they get it first,
they prevent Babel Group from finding
the gold by accident during--
[Mr. Nam] Mr. Cassano
is just trying to be nice.
Stop being so suspicious.
-[Cha-young] Mm-hm.
-Right. We need to sit back
and enjoy the ride.
We should, uh, sing a few songs
to lighten the mood.
-[Mr. Park] I like to sing. Hit it up.
-Oh, hit it.
A one, a two…
-A one, two, three, yeah!
-[Mr. Park] Then again,
20 million won for one picture
is a little fishy.
[mysterious music]
Now what?
[groans]
You people are so hard to lead.
[Vincenzo]
You haven't reported it, have you?
[lighter clinks]
Which makes me think the file
is going to someone else
-and not the ISIS.
-[lighter clinks]
-[sighs]
Because if your employer knew about this,
they would have already come.
You kept it secret…
in order to sell it?
[scoffs]
-No surprise.
-[lighter clinks]
It's worth even more than the gold.
[lighter clinks]
Who did you agree to sell it to?
[inhales deeply]
I actually have several options.
How did you even hear
about this file anyway?
You're my closest source.
Just not my only one.
[engine revs]
[tires screech]
-[Mr. Tak] Let's go, let's go!
-[Hui-su] Come on!
Let's go! We need to get in there!
-[Hui-su] Go, go, go, go!
-[Mr. Tak] Hurry!
Got to find them!
-[Yeon-jin] Get out of our way!
-Honey!
-I'm so sorry.
-We need to stop this.
-[Mr. Lee] Sweetheart!
-[Cha-young] Stop!
-[Cha-young pants]
-[Mr. Nam] Come back!
[Mr. Lee] Honey, slow down!
-[Yeon-jin] Faster!
-[Mr. Lee] Wait up. Where are you going?
We need to talk about this!
The prospect of finding that gold
makes our friends act rather foolishly.
Excellent observation.
They are blind with the knowledge
that greed brings suffering.
Their actions are frivolous and selfish.
And inefficient.
Keum Gwang-jin could find the chamber
right away. I know it.
Let's split up. You go high, I'll go low.
-Call if you find something.
-[Mr. Lee] Wait.
-[Yeon-jin] What are you waiting for?
-Be careful on the stairs.
[phone buzzes]
-Yes?
-[Cha-young] Finally.
Why didn't you answer earlier?
Ah. What is it?
We're back inside the Plaza
and everyone's looking for you.
We're on our way down now.
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Cho] What's going on?
They're coming down. The tenants are back.
[grunts]
-Shh. Move this.
-We need to cover the hatch.
-[Mr. Cho] Not that.
-[Vincenzo] Come on.
What are you doing? In here.
-[tenants shouting]
-[Yeon-jin] Look over there!
[tenants panicked chatter]
-[whispers] Listen to me.
-Why?
-The gold.
-The gold?
[whispers] I brought it up.
I brought another gold bar up.
Look, look, look, look, look. Over there.
[whispers] Just keep holding it.
Do not take your hands off.
[suspenseful music]
[metal clangs]
Let's go!
[panting]
Hold on. Hold on!
-Chef!
-Take that side.
Wait.
[groans]
[sighs]
[grunts]
-[cracks]
-[yelps, groans]
Oh!
[Vincenzo groans]
Mr. Tak, I don't think
we'll find anything down here.
I have to disagree.
[Mr. Tak]
I don't think anyone searched this area.
This would be an excellent place
to hide things.
[rumbles]
[both grunting]
Push it over.
-[both grunting]
-[Vincenzo sighs]
-Mr. Tak!
-Hold on, please.
[Cha-young pants]
What is it? Why did you guys follow us?
We need to talk.
There's something important to discuss.
Well, go on, spit it out.
I think my dad told me something
about hidden gold a few years ago.
I might know where the gold is.
-Are you serious?
-He knew there was gold?
What did he say?
It was very dramatic.
-[Vincenzo] We need one more.
-[Mr. Cho] I'll get it.
I understand now.
Hey. Ms. Hong, spit it out please.
It's deep in our hearts.
[Mr. Nam] He told me something similar.
He said he loved working with the building
because most people in it
have a heart of gold.
That's a giant load of new-age hogwash.
-Are you creating some kind of diversion?
-Mm-mm. I would never.
Our bodies are our temples.
Our temples of gold.
[Mr. Cho] We have to squeeze this one in.
-Hold on, I'll remove that.
-[bangs]
[gasps, yells]
Did you hear that?
-Uh, no.
-I heard some kind of bang over there.
-I didn't hear any.
-I think someone's at the temple.
I recently learned to tap. It's my move.
Tap, tap. I practiced it all the time.
-See?
-It's like this.
Arms cross over with your eyes closed
-so you can hear every beat of your heart.
-You should try it. Close your eyes.
Come on, knock it off.
-I know there's something going on.
-Let's try one more time.
[Cha-young] No! You already have
to feel the gold in your heart!
[tranquil music]
Why aren't you at the hot springs?
[Mr. Tak] Oh. What are you two doing here?
[Vincenzo] We're doing 108 bows.
[Mr. Tak] One hundred and eight bows?
To Buddha? Why?
We asked Buddha to rid our hearts
of greed and selfish behavior.
Help us, Merciful Buddha.
[Vincenzo] Help us, Merciful Buddha.
Excuse us. But we really need to finish.
Privacy would be appreciated.
[grunts]
Well, I think that was our cue.
Let's keep looking for the gold
deep in our hearts.
[retreating footsteps]
[Mr. Cho sighs]
-Mr. Cassano.
-Yes?
I have to tell you we're in deep trouble.
[Vincenzo] What do you mean, Mr. Cho?
[Mr. Cho] I think we locked it in.
The recognition device for Wang's iris
when we closed the chamber.
What do you mean we locked it in?
When you were cleaning up,
I tried to stop you
from throwing down my jacket.
Yes. I don't follow.
The ocular recognition device
is in one of my pockets.
Huh?
Ah.
[tense music]
-[Vincenzo screams]
-[Mr. Cho gasps]
I should…
-It's your fault.
-My fault?
-Yes.
-[sighs]
You grabbed my jacket
and threw it down there.
Why would you keep it in your jacket?
Where else was I supposed to put it?
I couldn't just walk around with it.
You have to have…
-a copy or two just in case.
-[both laugh]
It's the master. The only copy
on the entire face of the planet.
[screams]
What?
[Mr. Cho] Stop screaming.
Damn it!
Now the only way
we'll be able to get the gold
will be to destroy the entire building.
I feel like my heart's been shattered
into a thousand tiny pieces.
[both crying]
What has happened?
[Vincenzo] Buddha!
Doing 108 bows
has brought your merciful presence
into our hearts, and we thank you.
[both wailing]
Achieving enlightenment
seems extremely painful for them.
Hope for it to end soon.
Or we'll pay with our ears, brother.
[Vincenzo] Merciful Buddha!
[exhales]
How could you even think I'd betray you?
Don't you know…
you are like family.
Every single one of you.
We've been through a lot
and if we want to continue,
we must stay together.
Are you in or out?
[all] We're in.
Then explain what…
[sighs]
…is so suspicious about my gift?
[all] Nothing.
[scoffs]
You can trust me.
I truly believe you trusted me.
-[dramatic music]
-[sobs]
[Vincenzo crying]
Mr. Nam.
Where is your compassion?
We care so much about everyone here.
[crying continues]
[Mr. Nam grunts]
We're so sorry.
The gold is affecting our judgment.
You have to admit, 20 million won
for one picture is a lot of money.
We thought it was too good to be true.
[grunts]
Twenty million is a pretty generous price.
I wanted to share some of my good fortune.
I got lucky with some stocks.
This was my way
of trying to celebrate with you.
Tell us what's the company
you invested in?
-Larry.
-Honestly, that's so rude.
[Larry grunts]
-I was just curious.
-You really hurt my feelings.
It's going to take me some time
to heal my broken heart.
I feel just as awful as you do.
The healing will take time.
[Vincenzo sobs]
Please accept this heartfelt apology
on behalf of the Geumga family.
I can't accept it.
It's too soon, I'm sorry.
[blows nose]
[Yeon-jin] We really mean it.
-[Vincenzo sobs]
-[door opens]
[Cha-young sighs]
All right. Good.
Everybody got their feelings out,
let's get back on the bus.
We can't enjoy the hot springs now.
Mr. Cassano won't even accept our apology.
[Mr. Tak] I have a suggestion.
Join me in looking deep in our hearts
for gold.
I guess the field trip's off.
[sighs]
[Vincenzo exhales]
[all chuckle softly]
So spill it? Is it really full of gold?
-[chuckles]
-[Cha-young gasps]
Gold bars and the top-secret file?
Yes.
[both giggle]
And one golden Buddha
watching over it all.
[both exclaim]
-Ooh.
-Oh, it hurts so much.
-That was amazing.
-It hurts so much and I feel so good.
-Mr. Nam!
-[laughs]
[Cha-young in singsong tone]
♪ Yes, yes, yes ♪
♪ Excellent work, excellent work ♪
♪ You found it, you found it ♪
[giggles]
So we try again.
We book an outing
to the Cherry Blossom Festival.
-[giggles]
-After today, no interruptions.
Open it again!
[all laugh]
-Open it, open it.
-[cheering]
We can't open it.
We can't!
[laughs]
All right.
I think he's serious.
-[laughs]
-It's gone.
[Vincenzo cries]
We can't get back in there.
The iris scan is left inside.
-[Vincenzo crying]
-Mr. Nam!
[horns honking in distance]
I shouldn't be surprised
but everyone is so brazen.
Absolutely no shame.
[chuckles]
It doesn't bother them.
If nobody knows,
they have no reason to be ashamed.
[Ms. Choi] Why would they be ashamed?
As far as they are concerned,
you let them in on the deal of a century.
I like our deal.
It should be enough to secure legal,
media, politics and ISIS.
That about covers it?
Yup. With a bit of room to spare.
[Joon-woo clears throat]
You seem a little disappointed?
No, I think it's perfect.
You definitely belong
at the head of the company.
I will do everything I can to help.
[Joon-woo] Han-seo.
You'll help if you stay out of the way.
Yes, sir. I understand.
If you don't mind staying
a few more minutes,
there's a very important matter
I would like to bring to your attention.
I'm not sure if you've heard
of something called the…
-Guillotine file before.
-Mr. Han.
We won't be able to hide it forever,
Ms. Choi. You know that.
[suspenseful music]
Is this some kind of secret or something?
You could say that.
It's a bit complicated.
I would say it goes back… a few years.
I think we heard about it
at the same time, right?
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
[Cha-young]
So we can't take anything out now.
Gold bars, Guillotine file or…
golden Buddha.
I'd picked out a house,
and a sports car
secure investments…
but now it's gone.
And the one person you counted on
throughout this entire process,
turns out to be an undercover agent
for the ISIS.
And to top it all off, he turned on you.
[guffaws]
[inhales sharply]
I don't think things could get any worse.
[Cha-young sighs]
Tell me you're going to figure this out.
Consiglieres fix things. Find a way.
It's hopeless.
They built it right.
Except for demolishing
the entire building,
there's absolutely no way
to get to the gold.
[sighs]
-[dings]
-Cheetah.
Should we let the Plaza be demolished
and risk our lives
just to see the treasure, hmm?
It was never mine.
So I'll put it out of my head.
It's already forgotten.
I feel better.
I'm not meant to be wealthy.
[sighs, groans]
[Cha-young crying]
My gold!
-My gold!
-[Vincenzo] Stop it.
[Cha-young] Why, why, why, why…
[crying]
My precious!
[sobbing]
[Vincenzo] Mr. Nam. Please.
[Cha-young whining]
-Ms. Hong.
-[Cha-young] Why?
The file.
Is the Babel Group mentioned anywhere?
I've only heard a few rumors.
And apparently,
it could do serious damage.
What kind of damage are we talking about?
Do you know?
[Ms. Choi] From what I've heard,
there are sensitive information
about your late father
including his personal life.
The whole point of the auction
was to avoid problems.
They're supposed
to hound these things for us.
My guess on this one
is that most of the people at the auction
-are also named at the Guillotine file.
-[Joon-woo] What the…
[sighs]
What the hell's the point
of bribing them with my tower, huh?
It will be worth it but I have work to do.
[Mr. Jang] I mean…
how can finding one file
be so complicated?
-Huh?
-[clears throat]
Don't we pay you to protect us?
-[Mr. Jang] Do your job.
-I'd love to.
The truth is the file
seems to have disappeared.
Find it.
I'm willing to pay ten billion.
We'll do our best.
I'll assign a team of top-notch experts.
[Joon-woo] Okay.
[Mr. Han laughs]
That's a good one. Yeah.
[Mr. Han humming]
[grunts]
I told you not to tell him
until we had a solution.
I told him because we won't be finding
a solution, will we, Ms. Choi?
Besides, if he found out
we were keeping it from him,
it'd be worse.
Yeah, Han Seung-hyuk.
Yes, Myung-hee?
I'm thinking you might have told him
about the file,
so you could prove your loyalty.
Why would I need to prove my loyalty?
Maybe so he doesn't kill you.
You and his idiot brother
have been scheming. You're a traitor.
"Traitor?"
[chuckles]
This is far-fetched even for you.
I think the pressure is taking a toll.
-Seung-hyuk.
-Yes?
If this two-timing stunt backfires,
it's going to cost you.
And I mean, the highest price.
If you're not careful, this game
you're playing will cost you your life.
Come on. Leave me alone!
Myung-hee.
I don't take risks.
I never would have gotten so far
up the ladder if I were that reckless.
You've stayed above the fray so far
but big problems are coming.
Ooh, no, they're not.
[chuckles]
Don't worry about me.
I have always been loyal.
You know that about me.
Nothing has changed.
Why are you scowling at me like that?
I don't like it.
You don't have to worry.
I will always be there for you.
I will protect you.
Now I have some business to take care of.
Hello? Hold on.
These doors are so slow. Finally.
Seung-hyuk,
if you continue acting recklessly,
you're going to be six feet under
real soon.
WARD 16
[women crying]
[man 1] Wait! What are you doing?
[man 2] Hey, get over here.
-[shouts]
-[woman screams]
[all clamoring]
You can't take him away!
[woman screams]
[clamoring continues]
[people yelling on TV]
BODY OF DECEASED UNION LEADER
TAKEN TO PREVENT UNION FUNERAL
FOOTAGE PROVIDED
BY THE FAMILY OF THE DECEASED
Why are they taking the casket?
The procession's part of the funeral
for the union leader.
The goons in blue
want to cancel the ceremony.
They don't want to let
the union funeral take place.
[suspenseful music]
Mm.
Some of these men
have come to Geumga Plaza.
That's the Gurkha knife tattoo.
Ah! They threatened the tenants.
They have a reputation to be quite brutal.
But are they also members of the union?
Unfortunately, they make up half
the union membership.
And what is this union funeral
you mentioned?
Oh. It's to honor the union leader.
Babel usually organizes a lavish funeral
for all the union members to attend.
It gets covered by the media.
It's also a way
of trying to boost union morale.
And morale is not something
Babel wants to boost at the moment.
With no funeral,
morale goes out the window.
The union leader was my key witness
in the case against Babel
and Wusang is well-aware of that.
This will really delay the case.
I can't call Jang Han-seok in
for questioning.
Slap him with the summons anyway.
Catch him off guard.
I don't have the evidence
to support the summons.
You can't even imagine the things
they've done to hinder my investigation.
They knew what they were doing
when they killed my key witness.
Did you question Choi Myung-hee about it?
She denied everything.
[Mr. Jung] You haven't changed one bit.
Why did you have to have the man killed?
You better watch what you say.
It's insulting and you don't have
a shred of evidence!
Because you've done this so many times,
you don't leave evidence.
But that doesn't mean it's not obvious.
He just happens to get hit by a truck
outside your office
after meeting with you?
I invited him for dinner!
I'm not the one who was driving drunk!
It was coincidence.
And like it or not,
you can't indict someone for that.
"Coincidence"?
They seem to keep occurring
at very opportune times for your client.
You might want to think
about a new profession
because you have no proof,
and you're talking out of your ass.
If you want to spew a load of crap,
then you should be a fortune teller!
[groans] One of these days,
I'm gonna punch that woman.
I can just picture her smug little face.
Oh, I despised that snake.
Questioning the Chairman
wouldn't really get us anywhere
at this point like you said.
Not without evidence.
The Babel indictments could be crushed.
If you don't get him on this one,
you have no chance
of making the others stick.
You know what they say
about winning a fight.
"Don't let them beat you
to the first punch."
If it's proof you need, we'll definitely
come up with something.
I prefer not to be in this position.
But this is too important.
JANG HAN-SEOK DIRECTLY SUPERVISES
THE VISION TEAM
[Cha-young sighs]
All the union-related matters
with Babel's subsidiaries
are handled by the Vision Team,
and their leader reports directly
to Jang Han-seok.
[mysterious music]
Our biggest challenge,
is that he's extremely loyal
to that weasel.
I hear you.
That's such a pain to deal with.
Lapdogs would rather go to prison
than turn on their boss.
So our best shot is to come up
with something
that's even scarier
than getting locked up.
Better to go after the union.
They won't be quite as loyal to the boss
as the Vision Team.
[Mr. Nam] You're right about that.
The union has an unfortunate number
of very bad apples.
My sources tell me, they take their orders
from the Vision Team.
Let's look into the leader
of the company goon squad.
[all sip]
[Cha-young sighs]
All right. I'm ready to rumble.
King of the goon squad, here we come.
[Mr. Nam] Ms. Hong…
you know the blackboard in the office
is big enough for this presentation.
Why did you drag us up here?
I can't feel my legs.
-[Mr. Nam] Here. Let me help you.
-[Vincenzo sighs]
[sniffs]
You can't blame a girl
for wanting a bit of fresh air.
[ominous music]
[Vincenzo]
Don't point a gun at me ever again.
If I'm willing to let it slide
this one time,
it's because I consider you my friend.
I regret everything that happened.
I've always considered you
more than a business associate as well.
You saved my life, Mr. Cassano.
You don't know me, Mr. Cho.
I would like you
to continue helping me, though.
So we can get back in the safe room.
[tense music]
So you made it.
[foreboding music]
Sorry, I'm late.
I don't… I don't drive as much
as I used to. I took a wrong turn.
I did…
exactly what you said I should.
But…
it backfired!
And now I'm worse off than I was before!
The answer to all your problems
is at the end of your gun!
-If you hadn't miss--
-You said all I had to do
was point and shoot
because it's a shotgun! It's your fault!
Well, I'm sorry.
We know what happens to people
who anger my brother.
He'll act like everything is fine
then a truck takes me out.
He… he won't kill you.
He'll forget about your betrayal.
You're his family. He has to forgive you.
[sighs]
That means nothing to him.
Huh?
It won't matter.
He murdered his own father, remember?
-Oh, I forgot.
-Oh, you forgot?
Wait. Now that makes you
the only family he's got left.
That should protect you.
Relax. I'm sure
he wants his brother around.
[grumbles]
Let's say, my brother somehow decides
he still wants me around.
I will have no power…
because of him!
It's like I'm dead.
He might as well finish the job, you know.
I'm sure you don't mean that.
[stammers] We just need to think
of something you can…
[snaps finger]
Ah! I know.
This is a chance for you to take a break.
And you could pretend to be even dumber.
-That doesn't make any sense.
-Yes, it does.
You're going to lay low
and remove all suspicions.
You're going to go along
with everything he tells you,
and eventually, he'll lower his guard.
We'll take a page from the history books.
To avoid Andong Kim's persecution,
Prince Heungseon made everyone think
he was an idiot,
and he went on to rule the world!
He was King Gojong's father, by the way.
I know who he is.
So you'll do what the Prince did, okay?
You pretend you're more of an idiot
than before. Just act dumb!
[Mr. Jang] You assholes!
It's my taxes that pay your salary.
Can't you do anything right?
You.
Didn't I tell you
to get me a cheeseburger?
-Thank you for coming, Ms. Choi.
-What's going on?
He was at a bar
and he assaulted an employee.
We managed to fend off the press.
-[Mr. Jang] Let go!
-[detective] You should take him now.
Hey. Keep your hands off of me. Losers!
Hey, I'll give all the money in my wallet,
to whichever one of you
puts those bastards at the bar in jail.
Okay. Here you go.
Here's more money than you make in a week!
Mr. Jang.
Ms. Choi.
I'm glad you're here.
I have a job for you.
Sue everyone in here. I don't care
if they are the police. Sue all of them!
CHAIRMAN JANG HAN-SEOK
TO BE INAUGURATED TOMORROW
FORMERLY EMPLOYED AT WUSANG
[Cha-young]
He must think he's a K-pop idol.
This is so ridiculous.
CHAIRMAN JANG HAN-SEOK'S
LAID-BACK LIFESTYLE
[Mr. Nam] The foreign papers
are calling him the "Handsome CEO."
-[Cha-young scoffs]
-The press is having a field day.
Is it me or would you say this article
would make a great piece of fiction?
[Cha-young scoffs]
It looks like
we'll be getting what we wanted.
Tomorrow, he becomes fair game.
So did Mr. Jung set a date
for their little chat?
[Mr. Han] What?
They're questioning the Chairman
about the trouble with the union?
Why would they do that?
Revenge.
Mr. Jung wants us to come in
the day after the baton passing ceremony.
What else?
[groans]
I mean, every time we think it's over,
they come up with something new.
The union leader is dead.
His proof is non-existent.
What's the point?
It's one of two things.
He would be too embarrassed
if he gave up or…
he has something on us.
Did you consider
he might have other sources
before you killed the union guy?
Your point being?
I wasn't making a point, Ms. Choi.
Not at all. I would never.
I worry that these situations add
to your already challenging workload.
I can handle the workload.
As long as the Vision Team
stays below the radar.
They'll be fine. They would need
substantial cost to issue a warrant.
Hwang would block it for us anyway.
Well, I guess the only option
is to smile for the cameras.
I should probably get my hair done.
If we hadn't bailed you out,
you would've missed all of this.
What were you thinking?
Uh…
You tell me not to think…
that I started celebrating early.
I had a bit too much.
[chuckles]
I'm so sorry.
Mm. No need to apologize.
It's nice to see the old you again.
I miss it.
Don't change anything, okay?
[chuckles]
I actually felt pretty good.
Maybe I'll let loose more often, you know.
[chuckles]
I like being wild.
Here.
[Joon-woo]
To symbolize the union of our brotherhood.
Hmm.
Let's vow to be there for each other.
And put Babel at the top where it belongs.
[sighs]
We have to work together
to make people think that
if Babel goes down,
the entire country goes down.
I hear you.
[Joon-woo] Hmm…
Ah!
I keep forgetting.
Do you know how come I forgave you?
Oh…
I am…
so sorry. That was the worst moment
of my life.
When you fell, I thought may… maybe you…
I would love to kill you.
But if you die, there's no one
to take the rap for me?
If ever there's a chance
of my ass going to prison…
you get to take the fall.
Got it?
Yeah.
Yeah, I got it.
I will…
[chuckles]
do whatever it takes.
I will. Trust me.
I will protect you even if that means
going to prison.
Of course. You can count on me, I promise.
You are my brother. I have your back.
I knew I could count on you.
We better get going.
[sighs]
[foreboding music]
[tires screech]
[tense music]
[foreboding music]
[cameras clicking]
-[usher] Sir.
-Hold on, hold on.
Give me a second. Let me fix this.
Now, try not to slump, okay?
[host] Today, we celebrate Babel
and a new beginning.
-It's a happy day.
-[host] We welcome the new chairman.
Jang Han-seok!
This is an impressive turnout.
Acknowledge them.
[cameras clicking]
Great.
[usher] I invite you to go upstairs.
The ceremony will start shortly.
In a few minutes, Babel will
officially crown its new leader.
It will be my honor.
From here today, it's all thanks
to the hard work of my little brother.
[Mr. Han] Ready when you are, gentlemen.
Let's go.
[cameras clicking]
Now that you've step into the limelight,
we can finally show them.
[epic music]
ILMIRI GOLD JJIMDAK
Look at all the cheese.
-[Cha-young] Mm.
-[Mr. Nam] It's good.
[Cha-young] Mm. Mm.
Mm. Mm.
Mm.
This place always hit the spot.
[Vincenzo] If I'm reading this correctly,
Babel's Vision Team
has never been searched.
Not enough for a warrant.
Nobody's had sufficient grounds.
It's hard for Mr. Jung to move forward
when he can't even get in there.
[Mr. Nam]
If he could search their offices,
he would find more than enough proof
of illegal activity.
[Vincenzo]
Let's stick with the original plan.
We'll lure the company into a trap.
Did you find anything on their leader,
Mr. Nam?
[Mr. Nam] Yes. He used to be the deceased
union leader's right-hand man.
But one day, he betrayed the union
and joined the company ranks.
-He's the epitome of a traitor.
-[Vincenzo] Hmm.
Well, I'm sure he got paid
to switch sides.
[Mr. Nam]
But he did more than switch sides.
He went so far
as to make false accusations
against the leader
who is his close friend at the time.
Wow, quite the betrayal.
Babel Group seems to have a lot of faith
in the Vision Team leader.
[Chan-ki] Mr. Park. Ms. Yoon.
I haven't seen anything this sloppy
since law school.
[Cha-young] He's known as a perfectionist
who works meticulously.
He'd come to Wusang
and rip their lawyers apart.
He'd call them on the smallest mistakes.
[Mr. Jang]
Whatever you're in the mood for.
-I just want simple and--
-[Chan-ki] Chairman Jang. Hello.
Hey, Mr. Park.
-[Mr. Jang] Order the food, huh.
-[man] Right away.
[Cha-young] And more importantly,
he's as loyal as a Golden Retriever.
In my experience,
traitors and loyal subordinates
often have excellent chemistry.
How can they have good chemistry
when they're entirely different?
The loyal one's greatest fear
is losing his boss's trust and approval.
And fear of betrayal
is always first in the boss's mind.
So preventing betrayal is at the root
of what the loyal subordinate does.
So if an act of betrayal gets past them,
the loyal subordinate reveals a weakness.
And that's where we press our advantage.
[Mr. Nam] How do you know these things?
I never learned this kind of stuff
when I was in school.
For 300,000 won a month,
I'll give you a crash course.
Mm. Actually 400,000
with my end-of-year bonus.
Forget I asked.
I would rather take up Pilates.
-Han-seok gets questioned tomorrow?
-Yes.
We should get the ball rolling
on the company union traitor now.
[quirky music]
[engine rumbles]
[sighs]
[alarm beeps]
[grunts]
[puffs]
[upbeat music]
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
[Sin-bae] What the hell! Let go!
-[Mr. Lee grunts]
-Are you nuts? Let go!
-Help! Help!
-[screams]
[Sin-bae] Huh?
The Twin Swords.
You almost gave me a heart attack.
-You know who I am.
-[Mr. Lee groans]
-Idiot! You're on our side.
-Uh-huh.
I mean, is there an emergency?
What's going on?
[Mr. Lee exhales]
If you want to beatbox, repeat after me.
What?
♪ Boots, cats ♪
-♪ Boots, cats ♪
-[chuckles]
-♪ Boots, cats, boots, cats ♪
-♪ Boots, cats, boots, cats, boots ♪
-♪ Cats, boots, cats ♪
-♪ Boots, cats ♪
-♪ Boots… ♪
-[grunts]
-[sighs]
-Cats.
[loud thud]
-[owl hoots]
-[Sin-bae groans]
[moans]
[grunts]
[water sloshing]
[ominous music]
[Sin-bae] What is this?
This seems to be taking
a really long time.
[Mr. Nam] Are you sure
this cement will harden?
-Hey.
-Are you sure you got the right kind?
Hey.
We're mixing cement, not making chocolate.
-Hey.
-If we're throwing him in
with cement boots,
shouldn't we toss him into the ocean?
The plan is we do the cement here
and let the sharks take care of the rest.
-[Vincenzo] Right.
-Hey.
Why am I tied up?
What do you want from me?
Huh? Twin Swords Gang, we're like family.
-[Mr. Nam] Faster.
-[Sin-bae gasps]
-[Cha-young grunts]
-[Sin-bae yelps]
Don't use that word with us.
The word family means nothing to you.
Since when are there women in the gang?
-[gasps]
-I'm not allowed because I'm a woman?
I gotta pound your sexist ass
just for that.
I'm sorry.
So listen, I haven't done anything wrong.
I think you kidnap the wrong person.
No! You hassled, betrayed and treated
union members like garbage. You liar!
And you made up allegations
of embezzlement and sexual harassment.
One of them took his own life
after he lost everything.
All because of your lies.
You're really lucky
I'm a true martial artist.
Otherwise, I would have flattened you
like a pancake.
You're an artist?
A "martial" artist.
[Mr. An] If you lived in the colonial era,
you would've sold us out
to the Japanese forces, wouldn't you?
Is it obvious?
My grandfather was a Japanese sympathizer.
Are you telling us that being a traitor
runs in the family?
Wow! The cement's ready.
-[Mr. Lee chuckles]
-[Sin-bae] What?
-Oh. Hold on.
-[Mr. Lee] Yes!
-[Vincenzo] Are you sure?
-[Mr. Nam] Yes, it's the perfect texture.
Oh, wait. You can't!
You know it's nothing personal.
We're just following orders.
Hold on. Hold on. Don't do this.
I'm begging you.
I don't understand.
Why are you even doing this, huh?
Isn't it obvious?
They have no more need for your services.
Babel, sons of bitches.
-After everything--
-[Mr. Lee] Hey!
We'll lose the cement
if we wait much longer.
What?
-[Mr. An] Hit it!
-[Vincenzo] Let's do it.
Wait, wait! I haven't done anything!
I'm innocent!
-Don't do this to me!
-[Vincenzo] Stand up!
-[Sin-bae] You have the wrong guy!
-[Vincenzo] Do it.
[Sin-bae] Don't do this!
We were supposed to work together!
-Let's put him right over there.
-Don't do this, please!
Please stop! Stop!
I'll get you anything you want. Anything!
Is it money?
If it is, I can get you money!
[Mr. Nam] No, you can't.
You're not even that rich.
I can get more money. I swear.
I can get anything you want. I swear.
Let me go and I'll get--
You don't have anything we want.
Now quit wasting our time.
-No, no, no. Please, I don't wanna die…
-I think we're gonna need more rope…
…and get eaten by sharks.
Don't do this. I swear.
-Listen! Please, no!
-[Mr. Nam] One, two, three! Move it!
-One!
-Help!
-Please, anyone out there!
-[Mr. Nam] Two, three.
-Move his feet!
-[Sin-bae] Help me!
-[all] One, two, three!
-[Sin-bae] Help me please, Lord!
[screams]
I don't wanna die!
-[Mr. An] Stay up.
-[Sin-bae] ♪ Have mercy, Lord ♪
-[all] One, two, three.
-♪ Have mercy, Lord ♪
-[all] Let's do it on three.
-Halt!
Tell me, do you receive orders
from headquarters?
With instructions
on how to destroy the union?
An e-mail. Yes. Every morning,
my instructions were e-mailed.
-Is that the truth?
-Yes.
-You sure?
Okay.
[Cha-young] Huddle up, stat.
-[all] Ma'am, yes, ma'am!
-[Mr. An grunts]
[quirky music]
Lunatics. I'm out of here.
[screams]
Somebody help me!
[yelling]
You. You said you'd do
anything we want, right?
You name it, I'll provide it.
-Deal!
-[grunts]
Deal.
[Sin-bae chuckles]
VISION TEAM
TEAM LEADER PARK CHAN-KI
You said billion?
Yeah. Two billion.
All denominations.
Do you need a reminder
of who you're talking to, Mr. Nam?
[laughs]
A reminder?
Nah, I know who I'm talking to.
-The king of clichés.
-[all laugh]
Hey, you ordered a hit squad, didn't you?
-I ordered a what squad?
-[Sin-bae] Forget it.
Get the cash, okay?
Two billion by tomorrow.
And if you don't, I'll tell everything.
I mean, everything the Vision Team
sent me. My instructions.
All your e-mails, the bribery
and the blackmail, and the lies.
Starting from day one.
All of it!
[chortles]
[sighs]
You know this is all a bit strange.
-I would prefer to talk about it.
-[Sin-bae] No thanks.
That would be a waste of breath.
We'll talk when you bring the cash. Bye.
-[Sin-bae laughs]
-[all cheering]
-[Mr. Lee] Eat this.
-[Mr. Nam] That was actually pretty good.
Here you go. Excellent job.
[all chanting]
You did it! You did it!
Traitorous snake.
[Vincenzo] Didn't I tell you
it would be in your best interest
for you not to lock me up?
You were right to trust him.
Mr. Cassano has followed through
on what he promised you.
What is this?
Babel Group's Vision Team
sends the company union leader
instructions
on how to intimidate union members.
BABEL GROUP
ANTI-UNION STRATEGIES
How did you get this?
With these documents,
you shouldn't have any problem
getting a search warrant.
Do you agree?
Hah.
Yeah.
This allows me to finally make a move.
I'm going to ask you for one favor
before you hit them.
[upbeat music]
Mmm.
-Down the hatch.
-[Mr. Lee] Cheers.
-Hey.
-You should drink up.
I think I could make a better gangster
than a lawyer.
[Mr. An] Same here. It was amazing.
[stammers] I'm getting an adrenaline rush
just thinking about it.
I could go back to Italy with you
-and work as a consigliere too.
-Just eat.
-Me too! Me too!
-Me too! I wanna go!
-[Cha-young] We could all go. Who's in?
-[Mr. An] I'm in.
[Cha-young] I'm in.
-I'd be an excellent mafioso, right?
-Please eat.
I do have the most relevant experience.
I know a lot.
-Ah.
-Mm. You're a good liar.
[chuckles]
When you all get to Italy someday,
you could help with the pig blood ritual.
[Mr. Lee coughs]
What's that?
[coughs]
Is it soup?
The pig's blood ritual was a family
tradition of ours until the 1960s.
When rival family celebrated
a boss's swearing in,
we would pay them a visit
and their boss would get drenched
in pig's blood.
To show them what we're capable of.
[Mr. An groans]
That's disgusting.
It must have smelled awful.
Mm, it's not my style.
It's pretty barbaric.
I'd like to see it just once.
It has to be so dramatic.
-[chuckles]
-[Mr. Nam] Oh, I think it's a waste.
Pig's blood is meant for us to enjoy.
-[Vincenzo] Here.
-[Inzaghi coos]
[light music]
Please be quiet now.
You can let me sleep for once.
-Hmm?
-[Inzaghi coos]
Do you understand
what I'm saying to you, Inzaghi?
-Do you?
-[Inzaghi coos]
[snickers]
If you do understand what I'm saying…
help me out. Be a quiet pigeon.
-Hmm? I am feeding you.
-[Inzaghi coos]
Okay?
[Inzaghi coos]
[chuckles]
Go ahead.
[Vincenzo] Enjoy.
And sleep tight.
[cameras clicking]
[suspenseful music]
[reporter 1]
Please, sir, tell us how you feel.
I'll give my full cooperation.
It is our duty to assist the prosecutor.
Babel needs to regain the trust
of the people and that starts with me.
[cameras clicking]
[reporter 2] You were summoned the day
after you were installed as Chairman.
What do you think of that?
[reporter 3] Do you deny the charges
against your company?
[reporter 4]
What about the anti-union activities…
[newscaster 1]
Breaking news regarding Babel Group.
Newly minted Chairman Jang Han-seok
has appeared at the Prosecutor's Office
wearing a luxurious custom-tailored suit
made by the designer, Booralro.
The prosecutor's timing is interesting.
What's your take on it?
There's no doubt
it's an overzealous prosecutor
trying to assert dominance
over a fine businessman
-and a pillar of the community.
-Uh-huh.
-[guest] This is such an outdated tactic.
-[newscaster 1] Go on.
-All you have to do is take a good look.
-Yes.
Not too many people
have that kind of charisma
-and the brains and talent to back it up.
-Agree.
Plus, he's an incredible sharp dresser.
[newscaster 1] Chairman Jang Han-seok.
A charismatic, talented,
brilliant businessman.
And on a personal note,
athletic, huh,
a good shot, and a great painter.
-[newscaster 1] The man…
-Turn it off.
I hate listening to them
all kissed up to this guy.
And they all spew the same lies.
Did they clone the newscasters?
None of it is true. How can they?
Our media can't be bothered
to differentiate
a PR campaign from the truth.
I was an expert at doing the same thing
for Wusang.
I get it.
The internet makes it incredibly easy
to deceive people these days.
I trust what the internet tells me
for only two things, Mr. Nam.
The weather and the time.
[newscaster 1] …young leaders gathering
scheduled this evening.
[Joon-woo hums]
Hmm.
[Vincenzo] I would like you to do
one thing, Mr. Jung.
What might that be?
Let them know about the raid.
Leak it to Babel and Wusang
before you show up.
-Why?
-[Cha-young] We want the Vision Team
scrambling to move their files
somewhere offsite.
How will my team seize documents?
Jang's our main target.
What we want is to get proof against him.
[Vincenzo] We don't want evidence
of anti-union activities
so much as proof he ordered them.
[Ms. Choi snapping fingers]
[Ms. Choi] Time is money, prosecutor.
This evening at 7 p.m.,
there's a special event.
A televised conference
for the young leaders coalition,
and Jang Han-seok is the keynote speaker.
I'll bet you 10,000 won
that he walks out of here
before it starts.
[scoffs]
[foreboding music]
Wow.
You've gotten a sense of humor.
I never expected that from you, Mr. Jung.
Thank you very much, sir.
I've got your money,
now please tell me what you want.
You gave your team orders to use
intimidation tactics
against the union
even when you were at Wusang.
Hey.
Interns have no power.
I guess I forgot. Hmm.
Are you two hungry?
We can eat. The food isn't bad here.
Sounds good.
VISION TEAM, TEAM LEADER
PARK CHAN-KI
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
Yes, Mr. Park.
Yes.
What?
VISION TEAM 4
-[Chan-ki] Let's go! Let's go!
-[panicked chatter]
Hurry it up!
Move, people!
Forget using the shredder.
Get the files into Mr. Lee's car.
-You almost done, Mr. Lee?
-Yes, sir.
Let's go!
BUSINESS PROPOSAL
BABEL
-[woman 1] What do I do with this?
-[panicked chatter]
[whirring]
EXPENSE JOURNAL
REVENUE AND EXPENSES
[woman 2] What about this?
[panicked chatter continues]
[suspenseful music]
He's coming down. Number two elevator.
I repeat, Elevator Two.
[both laugh]
-I did it.
-[man] Stop.
Turn around real slow
and tell us who you are.
Where did you come from?
I've never seen you here before.
I'm, uh, from Wangsimni, actually,
and my name is Nam Ju-sung.
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY
INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
We're the Vision Team's
new security detail.
Our mission is to protect them,
so get lost.
Is this really you?
Call up the agency and ask them,
why don't you?
And do mention, you were only
attempting to ruin our mission!
You… you do not wanna mess with Wangsimni!
You tell them.
Wangsimni's watching, you got that!
[dings]
Sorry. Would you mind pressing B1?
[beeps]
Basement 3. The dungeon.
[Mr. Lee chuckles]
[pants]
[tense music]
Hey, Mr. Lee, you need to go potty?
What's the hurry?
You going back up?
-I don't.
-What are you hiding?
What's in the box?
-What have you got? Are those papers…
-It's nothing.
This looks like a lot of work for you.
-"Official."
-It weighs a ton.
-You need a hand?
-Let me help you.
It's only one box. It's not heavy at all.
-We'll help you. You work too hard.
-It's fine.
How did you run so fast
and carry it all by yourself?
-It's all right. Let's take this for you.
-Who are you?
[newscaster 1] The Booralro suit
Chairman Jang Han-seok wore to his meeting
with the prosecutor
has been the talk of the town today.
It's even become one of the top-trending
searched words online.
You should try it.
We have better things to do today.
Get a move on or let us go.
[Mr. Jung clears throat]
I appreciate the meal.
[phone buzzes]
[Ms. Choi] Hmm.
[Chan-ki] A search warrant
for the Vision Team was issued,
but we handled it, thanks to a tip-off.
[scoffs, chuckles]
You're taking your sweet time with us
for a reason. Huh?
Making us idle here while you raid
the Vision Team offices.
I look forward to seeing what you got.
I'll bet that you come up with nothing.
[Ms. Choi chuckles]
[Joon-woo] Let me ask you one question.
You've been straight as an arrow
your entire career, Mr. Jung.
Why did you team up
with the Italian Mafia?
I'm not teamed up with anybody.
-There's a new trend in corporate justice.
-What trend is that?
It's actually reversal.
Forgiveness and harmony are out,
Eradication and isolation are in.
[both laugh]
[Mr. Jung]
You have a speech to give, don't you?
I wish you luck lying to our youth.
You better dig in.
We probably won't have time to eat
until much later.
That's true.
[Ms. Choi] Oxtail soup, please.
-That's it? Oxtail soup?
-Yes.
Mm. You could have ordered earlier.
Mm, more kkakdugi.
-Mm.
-[newscaster 1] Breaking news.
Chairman Jang Han-seok requested
seolleongtang for dinner.
And he asked for more kkakdugi.
That is quite an unprecedented situation.
Asking for more kkakdugi,
what does it mean?
Could it be some kind of signal?
Yes. I think it's a very subtle
and polite way of telling his fans
"Don't worry about me.
Everything is fine."
[Sin-bae] Enough! Stop it.
Stop it.
I don't care if he got raided,
just bring the money like I asked you.
That file can never get out.
If it does, it will be the end of us!
I don't die.
I want my two billion
and you better come alone
to the place I told you.
If you don't follow my instructions,
I'll make sure these documents
go to the prosecutor. Okay? Bye.
-Whoa!
-Well done!
[Mr. Nam whooping]
-Whoo! Yeah!
-[Mr. An] Very convincing. Excellent.
As a reward…
do you think you could give me
one of those drumsticks?
I'm feeling a bit faint.
We can't do that.
Sorry, we ate all the drumsticks.
Ah! Funny. I'm happy with whatever's left.
Mm. I got ya. Hold on.
-Ah, ah.
-Ah!
Nothing's left. I'm afraid I finished it.
I just… I just want a little.
[Sin-bae] You can spare one piece.
Come on, I'm starving.
-Huh?
-Almost. That was a really good try.
Guys, stop being so childish, huh?
[Sin-bae] Come on.
Don't tease me with food. Seriously!
[car horns honking in distance]
[staff 1] Yeah, so check the brightness
of the monitor.
-[staff 2] Right.
-[staff 1] Make sure all the lights
-are in focus and have the gels.
-[staff 2] I'm on it.
Do you think you could help me out?
Sorry?
I'm coming to the conference,
and I'd like to plan a surprise
for my colleague.
And I'll pay handsomely.
[upbeat music]
[excited chatter]
[people clamor]
How you doing?
-[man] Please, please sign this.
-[excited chatter]
Hello.
THE CORPORATE SPIRIT
OF CERTAINTY AND AUDACITY
[upbeat music fades out]
[whistles]
[cameras clicking]
[Mr. Jang] All right.
It's my pleasure to introduce
our keynote speaker.
I couldn't ask for a better mentor
than him.
Or older brother.
The Babel Group is lucky to have him.
-Jang Han-seok, our new chairman.
-[all cheer]
[dramatic music]
[applause]
-[cheering]
-[cameras clicking]
[dramatic music continues]
[applause]
[sighs]
It is my pleasure
to see the leaders of tomorrow.
We're in good hands.
[mysterious music]
[Vincenzo whistling]
[Joon-woo] The future belongs to no one.
[chuckles]
No one owns it yet.
Therefore, the first to reach out
and grab it will make it theirs.
But if you pick the wrong future,
you're doomed.
[all laugh]
Where did he get these lines?
[Joon-woo]
To make a great future for yourselves,
you must be sure of yourselves
in the present moment.
And you must be audacious.
-Mm. Thank you.
-Hmm.
[Joon-woo] Certainty and audacity.
That's what is driving Babel forward.
As we speak, Babel Chemicals
is working on clean batteries.
In two years, when we're ready to launch,
we intend to revolutionize
the electric car market.
[all exclaim]
Today, I'd like to share the vision
of how Babel Motors sees the future.
Take a look.
[all clapping]
BABEL MOTORS,
THE NEW PARADIGM FOR THE FUTURE
[Sin-bae] What's this? How come
you only brought 300 million won?
[audience gasps]
[Chan-ki]
This is all I could come up with for now.
[woman] Is that the video?
[Sin-bae] Seriously? You're the mighty
leader of Babel Group's Vision Team.
[man] Looks like there's been a mistake.
[Sin-bae] But I can't give you
the evidence I collected.
-Hold on.
-[Sin-bae] I want my money.
-We seem to be having a… uh…
-[mic feedback noise]
-Get a hold of the media room.
-We're looking into it, sir.
-What is he doing?
-Anything yet?
The evidence about anti-union activities
is pretty incriminating.
Your life will be over
if you try pulling that stunt.
My life? No. I'm innocent.
I'm just a member
of the Babel Chemicals employee.
I don't run things.
Babel gets things done
through the Vision Team
which is run by you.
Nothing gets done without your approval.
[Chan-ki] None of this was my idea.
I just do what the chairman
tells me to do.
[Sin-bae] That's not my problem,
I am telling you…
[audience exclaims]
-[Chan-ki] Listen. You…
-[radio beeps]
[man] What the hell are you waiting for?
Turn it off!
[Sin-bae] I can and I will.
You do not want to mess
with those buttons.
[Chan-ki] The Chairman has the money.
I'm just his puppet on a string!
This is really bad for my brother.
Turned off that video.
[audience chattering indistinctly]
Let me see what's going on.
-[audience exclaiming]
-[Chan-ki] This is different.
Anyway, why are you doing this now?
We had an arrangement.
Come on. I'm sure we can work something…
-I remember asking for caramel flavor.
-Yes.
But regular is the way to go.
[Sin-bae] … ask for more money
or I handle with the others.
Then why bother asking me
what flavor I wanted?
[Chan-ki] I can't do that right now.
-Ms. Hong.
-[Sin-bae] Have it your way.
I have something even better for you.
And more vivid than an 8K movie.
This already hit the spot for me.
There's more?
Something you've been wanting to see.
[Sin-bae]
Pick up the phone and call him now.
[Chan-ki] What do you think you're doing?
Get your hands off me.
[audience exclaims]
Deal with it, please.
Right, got it.
[Chan-ki] You want a piece of me, huh?
You little punk!
[Mr. Jang] I told you
to shut this thing down!
-Do it.
-[Chan-ki] Come on! Come on!
-Let's go! I'm not afraid of you.
-And stop taking pictures, all of you.
[Mr. Jang] No pictures.
[Chan-ki] …getting us anywhere.
Knock it off. Come on.
-[Chan-ki and Sin-bae arguing]
-Hmm…
[cameras clicking]
[woman] What's going on?
What's he looking at?
[foreboding music]
[Vincenzo] Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
-[splashing]
-[audience screaming]
-[woman screams]
-[gasps]
[screaming continues]
[man] Oh! Get down!
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music]
[panicked chatter]
[Cha-young] That was amazing.
-[laughs]
-[staff panicking]
Oh!
The 1960s Mafia like things dramatic.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
Wow.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Feeling like a real boss?
[Mr. Jang] Stop taking pictures!
[audience clamoring]
[foreboding music]
Huh?
Bravo!
[Cha-young] Bravo!
-[Vincenzo] Bravo!
-[Cha-young] Encore!
Whoo!
[soft chuckle]
[suspenseful music]
[ominous music]
[theme music]
SPECIAL THANKS TO YOON KYUNG-HO
[Vincenzo] This is really important.
We need good teamwork for this.
-[all] Yeah!
-Wait a second.
Why is everyone here so talented?
[Vincenzo]
Chairman Jang Han-seok's paper company.
-The thumbstick is in.
-[Cha-young] With this,
Jang Han-seok will be penniless.
That's when you can really prove
how loyal you are to me.
Arrange a meeting with Vincenzo.
-Kill him. Hurry!
-[gunshot]
[woman screams]
[Cha-young]
It really has been… a wonderful night.